This god will come to Xu Ding
Now the false god is dead
That's right.
Why is this damn old thing here again?
They were awesome just now
Then kill me
Lord Black General
I need a reasonable explanation
Xu Shaode was openly presumptuous at the ceremony
Even doubt the authenticity of the Lord God
Shouldn't that be punished?
Questioning the authenticity of the Lord God
Flying General
You said this kid is a god
What do you use to prove it?
Just use this fake Jinghong sword
Jinghong sword that everyone can use
Can also prove
It's his mental breakdown.
kid
You chopped off my arm on the Return Goose that day
I'm going to come back today to see the sword
Lord God
Boy you are dead
Find someone who has taught you
Don't touch other people's things
Will you be out of it?